Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Jump! Jump!
Higher!
So. well done!
Smarty!
Dad. can I go look?
Oh. please!
Okay. I'll go and park the car
Just do not run!
Okay!
You never know when it will happen.
from the moment you enter the world you are trying to reach the end.
whatever we do will come back to haunt us
It's like a curse. For life.
bloodshed is never the answer
Spilled blood never dries
Do you hear? Never!
Spill it and live life in fear.
Relax for a moment - and you're gone.
Prison - this is the end game.
We end up here because of stupidity or bad luck.
... a month later you're out.
all is forgotten ...
And you will return
a normal person.
Eli. on you're way..out.
And believe me.
it's better never to return
You're a good kid. Charles.
Goldman. Eli. killed in the line
of duty.
Multiple gunshot wound's. Breathing fucked.
Cardiovascular...bollocksed
Heart rhythm slowing.
We're losing him!
When did you find him?
Ten minutes ago.
Pulse. blood pressure?
Pulse 70. pressure 90 over 60.
What time?
I need adrenaline.
Crazy with your asses!
And he said: "Just don't
talk about what you don't know"
And then the mayor. thinking. says ...
Do what you have to do with these
asses they are completely confused.
I do not understand what is at stake.
what we're arguing about!
Do you smoke?
You're smoking in my house?
Hello!
What?
It is bad.
I'll call back.
Yes. He died?
Thanks for the call.
Monsieur Martineri.
First you have to knock!
This is a matter of extreme importance.
otherwise I would not bother you.
regarding the negative tax returns
You knock before you come in here!
You understand French no?
If you can't use your hands I'll take them from you.
so you still deaf!
Fuck off out. knock. ask and enter
Can I come in?
Tweezers! Clip!
Charlie Matei. 57 year old and considered one
of the crime lords of the city ...
is in intensive care at Timon hospital
following a shooting earlier today.
Under heavy police guard.
Give me Goldman.
Matei suffered multiple injuries. but has survived the attack.
For three years Matei struggled to win a crime war
seizing power from other bosses.
He heads an organisation also with Bosses
Tony and Aurelio Rampaul.
Matei has always escaped justice for his alleged criminal activities
Rumour has it that Charles Matei recently retired from his life of crime...
And devoted his life to his family.
wife Christel and two children.
No. no. sir.
Working professionals.
In the old port we've now found
Two stolen cars.
Do you know who did this. do you have any clues to this attack?
...received an anonymous call
and it's crawling with journalists..
No. sir..an anonymous call.
No. sir ...
You think that I like
working in such conditions?
Yes. sorry. Of course. sir.
I will do everything I can.
I'll call.
"Now then. you remember what I told you. you remember?
I'm in a hurry. I don't have much time
Yes. I remember Aurelio.
you told me that I should never ...
No. no. Bertrand. what exactly did I tell you?
Repeat. word for word. it's important to be exact.
Words have meaning.
You said...Bertrand.
I want to trust you.
We're friends.
We're friends?
Yes. friends..
exactly!
I want to trust you.
we're friends!
But I'm scared. you said I am the black sheep of the family!
You are! Well. Bertrand..tell me
What did I tell you...exactly
said..
Yeah.
You said that if I take one single gram..
or even a little less than a gram
It would be a matter of principle!
You see. I remember the same.
Wait. excuse me.
I beg you Aurelio. I did fuck all!
I did not take any! I must have a hole in the pocket!
Do not kill me..
Yes. now I can hear better.
Yes.
Hey. guys. they say. Matei was
shot in the old port.
They shot him.
Is he dead?
Not sure
Scissors!
Tweezers!
We Interrupt this program to bring you a breaking news story
Mark Aldmano. one of the most prominent underworld leaders.
nicknamed Ein..
was gunned down and  killed at a bar in Lenzh square.
A police source said that this appeared to be a contract mafia killing.
Good afternoon. Mr. Fernandez.
Monsieur Fernandez. M. Fernandez!
Au revoir. monsieur Fernandez.
Are you fucking mad?
Killing Fernandez - is like
killing the Pope.
So. then we kill the Pope!
We vow to be friends to death!
We vow to be friends until death.
Papa! Papa!
What do you know about Matei's personal life?
10 years ago. when I first joined the police.
He just got with his second wife.
And the first?
they were together a long time.
had a daughter. and then ...
she was ill & ended up with his lawyer Martin Bodinar.
The second wife?
An old prostitute...
Christelle Kolarovo.
She worked for a pimp. called Pistachio
Matei fell in love with her.
decided to make a life with her...
Bought her from the pimp. cleaned her up. she bore him a child.
Marie Goldman.
Some people think we have nothing better to do in the city
That we only have social work to do...
stay low key. shake down immigrants and keep them on their toes.
You know... Louis XIV. He took Marseille..
He surrounded the city walls. they gave him hell with heavy guns
from the forts Saint-Jean and San Nicolas.
What did it teach us? do you know?
You know the motto of Louis XIV?
Well. no. sir.
Louis XIV used to say:
The winner is the man who remains patient.
And I agree with him.
To clean all the shite out in this town
we need to be patient.
They want to kill each other?
Let them kill themselves.
makes our job and our lives easier. I think so..
I thought
we are engaged in an investigation.
Minimally Goldman. our task - is to protect
decent people.
And if gangsters want to kill each other and end up dead...
Matei dead?
No. he came out of the coma.
Interrogate him. if he remembers.
he was attacked - all well and good.
If not - then so be it.
anyway. Stick to the rules..this is not about you.
Goldman!
Do not turn this into a personal war.
Your husband was a really exceptional police officer
but sometimes it is too risky to live in the past.
What's done is done. revenge...it's a nonsense
His killer remained unpunished.
that's the nonsense!
Do you remember anything of the attackers?
Maybe you knew someone?
Monsieur Matei. if you want
us to find them. help us.
You know they will come for you again.
Sure we can leave a guard outside.
but that won't stop them.
Let's agree. let's work together
No.
No. no. no! Good day. sir.
Don't come here without informing me
about your visits in advance.
It's my job.
I don't want to bother you.
Give your client some advice. helping
us - is in his best interests.
Good day.
Look who I brought.
Mom ...
when you die.
is it forever?
Yes. son. this is forever
So
Dad will always remain in the ground?
No..
Your daddy ...
Your father in heaven
He is proud of you and watches as you are growing.
He is happy for you.
He sees me?
Yes. he see's.
And under the sofa too?
Yes. and under the sofa. too.
why doesn't he call us?
Because there is no phone
but still he sees you and is happy.
He sees and hears you.
Go to sleep. my darling.
I love you.
Hello.
Hello!
Charlie is alive but we can't move him anywhere.
We can't just do nothing and wait for them to finish him off..
I don't know what to do for the best.
So.  for now we cannot do anything.
We can't leave it like this. that's impossible!
What can we do?
Burn Marsailles down?
Raise an army?
There are only three of us...
we cannot just leave him to be picked off.
Learn. my friend. listen to teammates.
What have they done?
What they do to him?
He's getting better.
But he can't sing for shit.
All right.
This place is full of infection..
better to be safe than sorry.
I'm going have a smoke.
I will not bother you.
How can we care for you?
Remember that I'm always close.
Christelle needn't be worried.
I brought flowers. to make this place more bearable.
but doctors forbade me from bringing them.
Yo!
Open the door!
Show him the flowers!
Look!
It's a pity so beautiful.
Yes.
enough. shut the door!
Don't worry. the most important thing is that you are alive.
This is important.
And all things considered you look quite good
Seriously!
Even after twenty-two bullets!
And after 2 weeks you can already walk.
Look at me. Shot to fucking bits. wrinkles. shakes
Yes. I had the shakes!
I was so worried. frightened! Shows on my face here!
Even with the glasses on.
Look what I brought you from Notre Dame.
This is the Holy martyr and defender of the flock.
He is also a powerful healer.
They say when you feel bad.
He hugs you.
Microphones-cameras-fake ambulance-cops
You're my brother. Charles. I'll find these
bastards. I promise!
Thank you.
This is for you..chocolate's.
Understand me correctly.
I can not give him anesthetics.
Why is that?
His nerves in his hands are damaged. very sensitive.
I need him to stay awake
To speak while I work he must remain awake.
he should not feel pain.
Oh..and by the way
This X-ray
He swallowed a gun?
Are you fucking stupid? we put the x-ray machine
directly above his bed.
It's under the mattress....Sherlock.
Sleep. my beautiful baby.
Baiushki-hush.
Quiet baby looks bright
in your cradle.
He gave you fuck all
but you still love him.
What can I do if you have
such a big heart.
And it is growing. they called him crazy.
now..he's immortal.
It's a big jump.
I don't want to live without you!
He sends kisses.
But did you finally relax!
Come on. everybody is at ease now.
Eve. please. please. be quiet.
Eva!
Well. why are you so sad?
Your mother must rest.
I called to you.
Eva. I'm talking to you!
do not cry. baby!
Do not cry.
My mother is dying all bent.
and my father is a vegetable!
How can I not cry. Martin?
He promised me things would be different
He swore to me!
And also my mother.
He knew she was ill.
but deceived her.
He is a traitor and a liar!
No. no! Believe me. he's tied up.
I know.
What is it like to kill?
I do not know.
I do not feel
no heat. no pain..nothing
I can't feel my hair. my face. nothing.
Let me ...
Charles!
Tell me the truth.
You have damaged radial nerve.
We have done everything possible. but
Unfortunately. you have lost the use of your fingers.
We can't restore prehensile
function between the thumb and fingers ...
But you have to learn to manage
left handed.
I'll have that dressed.
God heard my prayers.
He saved you.
Because he wants you to be changed. Charles.
I changed.
I'm afraid
someday someone will come and tell
me the news: your son. madam Matei ...
Your son ...
Promise me you won't die before me
Not anytime soon.
We Got an anonymous tip off!
calls us from a mobile to your phone..
far from here.
Where?
The main Prison in Marseilles
Very glad to see you.
Conscience tortured?
What do you want me to say?
You put an innocent man.
So she accidentally stabbed herself?
Do you know
why my name is pistachio?
According to brain size?
Pistachio - a tree.
Wide extensive root system.
There are individual trees...men and women.
If you would like nuts.
Plant both male and female of the tree.
One man tree can
pollinate dozens of women trees.
Only one. you understand?
There can be only one male tree!
Only one commander.
This is a very specific tree.
Tell me. how you manage to
phone me from here?
How interesting. You know we can't use phones here.
Your cell is already being searched.
pray to God that it was not found.
You blefuesh.
You're angry that I am well and in good health.
Do you hate me.
Charlie Matei does not like you?
You want me to talk. spill my guts?
I warn you. will not work.
My alibi for a month. I'm in here.
I understand that you personally
were not there
I would have done everything properly.
I would have riddled him with bullets. but no..
Who then?
How do I know?
I told you. I'm not a prostitute.
It is a pity that you do not want to cooperate.
I could improve your condition.
In general. keep your cell mates happy
Pistachios love a circle of men trees..
Shut your mouth!
While I can not find another candidate for
the role of the murderer. you're suspect
number one. okay?
Yesterday. a Spaniard at that club "Vest"
was talking about knowing who shot Charles.
He's on the move.
We're being tailed.
we're spotted.
We don't stop.
Jardin. help me.
Out the fucking way!
Go to hell! Fuck off. I said!
Are You crazy?.
Fuck!
He's off his face. coked up to the eyeballs when we picked him up.
No No
No Please!
Please!
Please. I beg you!
I'ts not my fault! I have not done anything!
Honestly! I was talking without thinking!
Believe me! Believe!
No
Calm down. calm down!
Calm.
Even better. What's your name?
Frederick!
Listen. Frederick.I will have the truth.
tell me the truth. you will be safe. Do not be afraid.
I give you my word.
Deal?
There. Good.
You're a smart boy.
And now tell me
all in order.
I worked in one of his bars.
Moonlighting...
One evening I was told
that the Godfather ...
...Godfather called Zakia.
..I heard he was looking for a porter to hold his
Cellphone...because he's afraid to pick up
cancer of the ear!
I understand.
What happened on the first of February?
I was in "Bekyu.
I saw a shit load of them preparing.
But I could not go with them. I swear.
I just came out of the hospital.
hemorrhoids treated.
My arse was so sore. horrible.
I checked it. it's a shithole..
Did you see Zack?
He came first
an hour earlier than the rest.
Others came from the city. I don't know all of them
One car was driven by Fataroze.
All the arms were in the secod car.
Naboo was the driver.
With him was Paolini. he's crazy. a specialist in these matters.
Lando. he was responsible for all the equipment.
all had to be ready.
Mercedes. of course. for the chief
and a ZAZ for the rest. two cars.
He was so out of place sitting in the car!
His fucking shoes...he was looking like a beggar.
And there was this baby Marmeluz.
he was supposed to give the signal.
So. there were seven of them in total to murder you.
Why did they want to kill me?
Because of the drugs.
What?
Which drugs?
Monsieur Matei. please. you will be angry?
you do not like drugs.
In Marseille everyone knows this.
You sold  Zakia a share in the business.
provided he was not involved in drugs.
It's true?
Yes. what?
He realized that drugs - it's
big money no! he got it together with pistachios.
And you became an obstacle for them.
me?
He was afraid of you!
He was always afraid of you. and he was not alone!
Many are afraid of you. monsieur Matei.
Including me. too. I've already pissed meself!
Do not worry. Frederick. do not worry.
No. be fucking afraid.
Zakia just took the initiative.
Please don't kill me..
do not kill.
Please I beg you..
What do you want done with him?
Never mind.
Let him go.
What?
If we don't get rid of him he will blab off to Zakia.
I know what I'm talking about.
We should kill him
No.
I made him a promise
Does that matter..it's impossible to let him go. you understand!
Wait! You Charly Matei!
This is a question of honour!
What is the sense of honour when you're dead?
For forty years I killed people.
If I were you I would want revenge..
No. the city will be at war. no one can win.
Charles the war has already begun!
Do you think Zakia will just leave things as they are?
You know him better than anyone else on earth!
Friends until death.
He is like a brother to me.
I am godfather to his sons.
We are the same. I feel sorry for him and his life
Put him in a car and drive him home.
In England at Arsenal there must be more
Englishmen. and in "Inter" - Italians!
But Materazzi?
Materazzi ...
Okay. just one! One's enough!
No. mother. I am full. I can't eat any more.
Look how skinny you are!
Well ...
Just puppy fat.
Dad. Dad. I got an "Excellent" for my dictation!
Well done sweetie. You're my daughter!
You're my best!
You copied it!
Not copied! I am the most literate girl in school
Take no notice of him. he's just jealous!
No
I'm proud of you!
Yes. you never learned "excellence" did you!
you constantly bunked off school.
Karim no educational discipline.
And Jardin generally slept in class.
Yes. of course every evening comes here empty handed!
It's true! That's right!
Here we are all together with my wife.
one big family
Yes. you're absolutely right!
We talk so much ...
We always talked together about everything and we said
These girls are our brains.
And we girls went
on to a completely different level!
You are all my children.
What can I do? I love all of you
Frank. hey. that's enough!
Hey. Frank! Frank!
Quiet. calm down!
Listen to me.
Your glasses are covered in blood.
That hurts. huh?
Frederick. look who we have here.
Is it him. huh?
Are you sure?
Yes.
Give him a kick?
No. thanks.
Do not be shy. have the last word!
Kick him. come on!
Oh. wow you have a powerful kick!
Maybe more?
No. all right!
Whew!
And one less soldier.
Sebastian!
are you fucking bored?
Yes..no. of course not!
So what are you looking at the time for?
do you have to be somewhere?
Forgive me. forgive me!
So. what are you staring at the watch for!
Do you understand?
You always look at it!
Is it the same time as ours?
Give it to me!
Pascal!
I said..
A watch. and a really good swiss one too!
Good for the Swiss!
Here. Look at it now.
Good watch?
Yes
My boss asked me to
give you important news for your boss.
If he wants revenge. that revenge
is very expensive it will cost.
Remove this bag of shit!
Frank! Some bones for your dogs
bring me the blade!
Hello. Madame Matei.
Good afternoon. Madame Matei.
Good afternoon.
Sign here.
Thank you.
And thank you.
All the best.
Thank you.
Charles! Charlie!
A toast to those who can not be with us!
Happy birthday to you!
Marseille is too dangerous for the family.
Move everyone to another city. keep them
safe at all costs.
Consider it done..
Happy Birthday Happy Birthday!
Fuck!
Well. open up!
Thank you Thank you
Thank you
Thank you. thank you!
Stop!
Scoundrel! Do you smoke in my house?
You spread your nicotine all over my children
you bastard?
Are you familiar with the concept
"Passive smoking"?
It seems like!
You are trying to kill my children?
Quiet. Pascal!
What?
You should be grateful to me for
pulling you out of the d d d d dirt?
I love you heaps!
Smoke him Zack. Smoke..
I might just do that..
Shit your pants huh?
Hey. Anzho! I was joking. man!
Good to see you having fun.
now it's my turn!
Guns in the bucket.
And without any sudden moves.
Frank! Gun in the bucket.
And the rest. too.
The kid. Malik. fine.
Calm. Now you. Anush.
There.
In the aquarium.
Now leave us alone.
Bastian. look at me.
You know who I am?
My name?
Charlie Matei.
Yes. I am Charlie Matei. and I'm going to kill you.
I'll kill you in the open. it is a question of honor.
I want you to know who will kill you.
and why you died.
You know why you will die. Bastian?
Yes.
When your killers face is hidden under a hood.
then it is murder without a signature. no class.
Impersonal.
You know the difference?
You all understand?
Because I will kill you all
You're all in the queue.
But not immediately. not right now.
I want you to have time to
think about your sins.
Day and night you will think about it.
You'll have time to ask for forgiveness from your wives and children.
To tell them why you will die.
And you will wait for your death...
It might be tomorrow. six months or a year.
As long as I live. you will never be safe.
And tell Zach that while I am alive
I will take my revenge on you all.
Bastian!
Charles! Please!
Take one last look at the time.
Happy Birthday. Bastiaan!
Leave it alone! Leave it alone!
Do not touch me! Leave me alone!
Get away from me!
Listen to me!
I don't want to listen to you!
I don't want to be here in Avignon.
Your father said that its safer here!
Well. of course! My father said that!
I'm not going to do what he fucking says!
I am going back to Marseilles!
stop it!
You are the most intelligent? You think
that you understand me better than anyone. right?
That's not fair!
My mother is dying
I want to be with her!
Well. what can you do to stop me ?
Nothing compared with what they will do to you if they catch you.
Same ss they did with your father..
My child! it's all so very difficult.
Enough. do not!
Enough! Go. Come to me.
All is well.
Our dear son.
Forgive me son.
I went to get flowers from trumanyek
He has beautiful roses.
but he is such a moron.
once everything
was just for you!
devoted to you
Do you remember these days. eh?
You know why people have to die?
Because I have no answer.
After the death of my son. I lost my head.
So. I am not myself after the death of Karim.
I'm sorry that it happened. but it
was not my idea. I just watched.
I am unarmed.
I am not in the habit of killing....Not my rules to kill unarmed
people. but sometimes rules can change.
I ask you. please. quiet!
Monsieur Zakia has a migraine!
Might become a fit! Come.
Light it is kept low..
Bright lights could start a belter
of a headache.
Especially. if it's noisy
No. only you.
Come!
Come.
Le Bekyu.
Goldman. Goldman. somewhere
I've heard that name.
I can not now remember exactly.
A police officer with that name...
My husband. He was killed by people.
gunned down because he was a cop.
He was involved in an investigation. maybe getting close to something
No proof...you understand Mr Zakia..
Of Course.
I am interested Charlie Matei.
I believe you think
that he killed Papalardo?
You know and have worked with Matei.
you know how he thinks.
After the shooting he became paranoid.
Always looking for an excuse to annoy me.
You see. what has happened!
He is sick I tell you..People love it because I
do not know what he will do.
I remember once he got mad ..
took a plane to Algeria.
Went looking for someone who owed him money.
We found him hiding in the countryside.
scared..
He starved him for a week and then buried him alive.
He's crazy. believe me!
But you never reported this to the police.
And what would that change?
You know that he killed Papalardo.
and what are you doing about it?
Sit idly by.
Do not worry. Mr Zakia.
that's how a migraine begins.
I'm not worried. I am calm.
But if you continue to stand idly by
this will nn-nn end badly!
Are you threatening me?
Monsieur Zakia. we are perfectly aware
and know who is who.
I am in the police. I am required to catch criminals ...
Once you get to the bigger fish. its a brick wall
I do not have any cause to question matei.
I Don't have the budget to investigate.
It's not normal!
You do not like me?
I'm at work I do not show emotions.
You see. What I'm asking
from you is not impossible.
I know a young widow with a small
child cannot live easily.
How do you know about the child?
I just assumed.
If I can help you
somehow ...
It's trite. but sometimes a material
assistance may help the situation.
And when I advise you to pay more
attention to Matei..I do not believe this is an act of squealing.
I would call this kind. sincere
friendly advice. a public duty.
I earn my own bread without outside help.
You want to persuade me to
start an investigation?
I'll think about it.
Or maybe not!
See You around. monsieur Zakia.
Hey. keep quiet!
Yes.
Do not lose him
You lot. with me!
Are you hungry?
You love meat with olive oil.
Thank you for the company.
Like it?
There is no time right now. but when all this is
over. I'll do it then.
The Corsair!
I'll call her Corsair.
Romantic. yes?
My son Anatole. too. loves the sea.
You know. it's so quiet and peaceful
Any minute it can all change. but when you sit
and just look at these waves...
Life seems ideal.
I had a dog once. alcoholic.
Once I gave it a slurp. a mouthful;
she was full of tricks then!
Just to get even.
Alcohol made her aggressive.
So no. I will not give you.
Do you understand me?
Charlie!
Something wrong?
You frightened me.
Why did you come?
To see you.
Zack has gone fucking crazy.
They smashed the hell out of your house
looking for your mother.
They are looking everywhere for me. and you
fucking well brought them to me.
I care about Klatide.
I cannot sit idly by!
She needs medical care. and I ...
They are already here.
On the pier by boat. run!
It's not possible..
Yeah we will...don't dawdle..run!
Hello mate!
Do not lose him..
Faster!
Come On!
Shit! Wank! Bollocks! Arseholes!
Monsieur. you hear us? What happened?
Matin. I want Charlie. I'll ask you.
and you'll Tell me okay?
Otherwise it's all over for you matey..
Give my regards to Klatide..
You are either at the hospital or in prison
and always bored M. Matei?
Neither one nor the other. I came to see you!
I wanted to see you.
You want to confess to the murder of Anji
Papalardo and Bastian Paolini?
murdered?
They are dead?
Shot through the heart and head. It's your signature?
My hands are tied.
So the signature ...
Do not believe everything you hear.
I also know you have sent your family away while you do your thing.
You killed those two people and you continue to take revenge.
Everyone in the world takes revenge.
For his family. for children.
And sometimes even for enemies.
Maybe you do not have enemies?
Not as many as you
we have a common enemy?
I was a victim of reputation.
You got what you deserved.
Oh no. the reality is more prosaic than that.
I am an ordinary pensioner.
Retired!
You work?
I work hard.
Chief bottle washer. artistic director. cat breeder. does it matter. I pay my taxes
And what was it that entered the minds of Anji Papalardo
and Bastin Paolini?
They called on the Lord.
Yes. recently the Lord
encourages many to join him.
They encroached on your life.
If you think I killed them arrest me.
I have no evidence.
Divine Justice then.
Are you a believer!
must be..
Among your attackers there was one.
who did not wish your death.
He put a whole clip
past you. just to the left.
You're Crazy.
No.
His bullets flew close. but he
specifically shot past you to the left. no doubt.
rounds all grouped closely.
So. of those five - one was on your side.
There were five?
Eight actually. Five to shoot you.
one along for the ride and two drivers.
I promise you. next time a load of geezers try to kill me
I'll pay more attention
How do you know!
I wanted to eat the rabbit with mustard!
Its wasn't on the menu. Mama.
Yes it was?
Anyway. we had lunch.
Very sorry.
Anyway. I wanted rabbit with mustard!
Mom. next time I'll take you somewhere with rabbit?
No. Not now!
Dont' argue! I still want rabbit with mustard!
I'm glad you made it!
Good evening. Frank!
Come. come!
let me introduce to you! Pierre Dyubuar!
You heard of him.
Member of the Extraordinary Council of the Interior.
This is Senator Charles battery.
Vice-President of the Regional Council.
Very important bird!
My friend Aurelio Rampaul!
You shot my foot! You sick twat!
I want a little chat with you. man.
You fucking shit!
Bravo. Frank. I'll tell your friends.
that you became a hero!
Damn! Where is he hanging around at?
Call him!
I'm bleeding to death..
Don't worry. you've got five litres of blood left.
Listen carefully Frank.
When you load of cunts tried to kill me. you were in the car park with
Bastian. Papalardo. Fantaroza. Malik.
Marvelus Jr.. and Zach.
who was the eighth?
No answer.
He's a twat.
yes.
So go find him!
All right.
When I got there he was already there with Zak.
I swear. I do not know who he is.
I'm not fucking lying Charlie..
You expect me to believe you turned up for the job. saw a stranger ...
And didn't even ask
Who he was?
I asked him.
but Fantaroza sent me out.
Honestly! I swear!
No. no! Wait! Stop!
You need Zach? I'll help you..
I'm not going to die for that cunt!
Please wait a minute attention!
Mr. Senator. Mr. Chairman!
Aurelio! My friends!
I am glad that you are with me this evening!
I so long dreamed about this day.
So. do you think Tony Zakia. with meticulous
attention to detail. a perfectionist ...
Maybe even a maniac. which everyone needs to keep perfect order?
True. Malik?
That scoundrel!
Well. I knew it!
And I agree!
But not quite.
Actually. I could not hurt a fly.
And if I do it's not on purpose.
Believe me. I am without malicious intent.
For me this world is something sacred.
For example. my family!
And my friends!
These are sacred.
Friendship - is not just a word.
Friendship - is trust and respect.
This duty and devotion.
Whatever happens.
I will not betray my friends.
I know everything that you need. login and password..
There!
Can I?
hurry up!
That's all the information on transfers
timing. suppliers. couriers ...
Date of delivery. double-entry bookkeeping.
transaction. That's all profit!
Aurelio doesn't know anything about it.
All his years of earnings can be milked like a cow.
With this information
Aurelio will deal with you.
He will go after Zak and leave you alone
Mark has been shot.
Come!
And Malik?
It's his wedding night!
I beg you. Charlie!
I implore you. Charlie!
My daughter is four years old!
And my mother has no one. only me!
She has only me!
What will happen to my little girl?
Do you have a daughter? Where?
She's with my mother.
I have to collect her tomorrow morning.
I beg you. Charlie. I beg you!
Do not kill me!
Look! Look. it's her toy!
No No No
No
this is what you give her to play with?
Doesn't look like a toy.
Forgive me. Charlie!
I beg you! I implore you. Charlie!
Fair enough. I forgive you for what
What have you done to me.
But for what you did to Karim
I just can't.
No
How could you fucking miss him?
Fool!
How could you miss him. you idiot!
How could you let him go you wanker?
How could you let him escape?
Find him..
Find me that cunting bastard!
Destroy all his family.
every single one!
Or I'll kill you!
Wait!
You want to talk on the phone while driving instead of
me gobbling you off?
You know that using a phone
while driving is banned?
Give it back. it's Zak! Give it back!
Oh. you invite him to visit us on our
wedding night!
Yasmin!
Wait a minute. he'll understand.
was today his wedding?
The 'Godfather' having a little fun with all his homosexuals
Do not say that. please!
If he hears?
He cannot hear us. right?
I know how to calm that paranoia.
Come on. look at the road!
What the fucks going on there..
Hey!
Baby. do not worry.
Hey. fuck off. eh!
Alle! Hey!
You blocked my entry. man!
Well. what is it?
we found a very clear print.
A very good imprint
right hand trigger finger!
A good imprint. who's?
Actually. yes.
Charlie Matei.
You're crazy.
Zach is looking for you everywhere.
Let him. I'm here. the last place he'll think to look.
What happened?
He's been getting away with it without my knowledge.
What is this?
Requiem for Zakii.
Very instructive thing.
Check it out. make a copy
and hand it to Aurelio.
From you to him
Wow. what stupid criminals we have.
Such idiots. we don't even have to look hard for it
Mr director. Matei is a professional he would never
leave prints next to the corpse and he can't use his right hand!
It's a set up!
What nonsense?
Nearby there is a river. He could
throw the gun into the water!
I tell you. he's an idiot!
The judge has issued a warrant for his arrest!
Find where he hid his money. nick him and
he'll be put away for 20 years.
And you will get a commendation.
Go to work!
Yes.
No. no. no. tell me.
What happened. my cat?
No. I'm still at work.
but I'll be home soon.
I'll come and cuddle you. I promise.
What do you dream?
Well. don't worry my angel
no one will steal it!
And Dolores will tell you a story.
Go back to sleep. It's late
and you have school tomorrow.
Fuck. now you bastards!
I embrace you. my son!
Hello.
Matei has a child. He is eight years old.
so tomorrow morning go to the
directorate of school facilities ...
search for a child. whose name is
Anatole Matei.
Or Anatole Kolarov.
Wait a minute. Mary. I can not manage.
Anatole Kolarov.
This maiden name of his mother.
Search until you find him.
We can only catch Matei if we take his son.
Family for him is above all else.
I saw you!
Turn!
They say you have a girlfriend?
Sandra.
Pretty?
can I ask her over for my birthday?
Ask mom.
I understand.
And you already have a fiance?
No. no.
do you want to have a child?
Yes maybe one day but now I have other things on my mind.
Back. you know.
Wanker!
What do you say Anatole?
I just repeated!
Yes. but I am allowed to swear!
You can curse bad words?
She. yes
Only some. but not all!
And me too. I am allowed to swear..
Everyone down!
Down!
Do not! Please!
After them!
We found Eve.
And Anatole?
Come.
Talk to me. Do not be afraid.
Everything is over.
All is well.
Everything will be fine.
They found her on the SRT.
What have they done?
Eva. What have they done?
Tell me. darling!
And where is Anatole?
They ... They said that they will kill him.
If Dad will not give up.
You have a choice.
You can immediately arrest me.
and your boss will reward you.
You'll rise through the ranks.
and then Zakia will kill my son.
You know better than me
that he does not care who he kills.
Police or child.
He killed your husband.
and now will kill my son.
But I have a business proposal.
You let it be known through journalists
that I was arrested.
Zakia will believe it and drop his guard. lose
vigilance.
My son is not in Bekyu. Zak is not so stupid
to keep him at home.
But he won't give orders by phone. scared of ear cancer...
When he realises that he has no reason to fear
me any more. he will have to kill my son.
He will send someone else to do it from his people.
I cannot find my son.
if Zack does not believe that I am in prison.
And you think I'm going to do this?
I will save my son and surrender myself.
I am not going to believe your fairy tales.
I have my own shit to deal with. and if I
start listening to criminals. then I'm doing
my job badly.
You know how it is to lose someone close.
I don't care about me. but my son has done nothing wrong to anyone.
If he dies ...
I beg you.
A new twist in a bloody long
war for supremacy over Marseilles.
According to the criminal investigation
authority Charlie Matei has been arrested and
is now in custody.
The man they call the Immortal.
could not hide forever.
Law enforcement departments will
remember this day for a long time.
And now for something completely different..
Today the head of the White House ...
Get rid of the boy.
Okay?
sort it out.
But what's he done. poor little fucker?
Charlie killed Malik
and he to me was almost like a son!
I want revenge on him.
I want his pain tormenting
his soul. day and night.
Get a souvenir
like last time?
yeah. an ear or finger. as you like.
Send it to his whore.
You're nasty Aurelio.
Today.
But boss. you need to think
how to do it.
For fuck sake Motik.
don't question me. clear?
Get over to the station hotel. get everyone from Aurelio's people
there. time for meeting.
Time to bring this to an end now..
Forward.
Where's Goldman?
In the interrogation room.
I could not understand what was going on!
Open up!
What is this masquerade?
Do not understand?
Where's Matei?
he has not yet been found.
But there is new information.
Have you checked on him?
Matei arrested.
Oh aye. what now?
Kill him and chop off a bit of flesh.
What are you. he's a child!
Is he yours? are you wobbling?
Come on. find a shovel and binliners.
I only found one.
Bring him to the car. we can't chop him up here.
I can not.
And when someone asks?
Get a move on!
It's time to go. kid!
Come on! It's time to fuck off!
No No
Shut your mouth!
Close this. I said!
Shut up. freak!
No. no. I beg you!
Do not!
No. I beg you!
I will kill you and your fucking brat!
It's me. Your dad.
Papa!
All over.
Do not be afraid.
Everything is finished. Calm down.
All is well.
All over.
Everything will be fine.
Charlie?
I gotta go.
You won't have to hide anymore.
No reason for this.
Again. once more a normal life.
I want to be with you.
Aurelio Rampaul's people all dead.
Well. there are five dead and one severely wounded.
A weapon?
No. before our arrival. everything was removed.
nothing..
Almost.
It was in the pocket of Aurelio.
Sonya
The kids!
He helped me a lot. He is not only
the Revered healer.
He warns the faithful
of approaching death.
He knocks on the bed of those left to die for three days.
And to you he did not come?
What have you done to my family?
I wouldn't worry about your family.
I want to understand the ...
Understand?
What do you want to understand?
Why did you do it?
Business.
I'm not talking about business.
We vowed to be friends until death.
Remember?
I never said that
We vowed to be friends to death!
We grew up together.
never apart!
You grow old and are confused!
You old man! Weakling!
Always criticising. moaning..
And I continue to fight.
There are boundaries
for which I have respect
What crap? so. you have morals.
Very original.
Morality is not original.
It is not all pleasant.
You think you're different. Charlie?
You think you're better?
But we're the same.
You're not better than me. We're both on the same track
We go about it differently.
there is no code of honour!
We are the same! We both have hands in blood!
And the blood does not wash off!
And you will always be
on the wrong side of the law.
So. don't preach to me..
Kill me. because I lost.
But not in the name of your morality
I want to end it peacefully.
I would too.
But i had to kill you.
because of your selective morality!
Racket yes. drugs no!
Friends. but not family members.
Kill. but not cops!
And this is all bullshit.
The evil is in us. no half measures
Do not agree with me?
Do you want to kill me
because you cannot stand the truth.
No. because you betrayed me.
Come on then
What are you waiting for?
Do not think for a long time. otherwise you can't make up your mind.
We grow old in different ways.
but I don't fuck about like you!
And pity sometimes kills!
For three days before you recovered?
I was dying to live and let live!
And you'll be sorry that I didn't kill you.
Beg for your life..
Ask me. Charlie. beg me!
Zac!
Yes. Charlie?
You're the biggest bastard in the world.
I said. beg me!
Please!
The police do not move!
Back! Drop your weapon!
Weapons on the floor! Do not move!
Tony Zakia. you're fucking nicked mate.
You will be detained.
You are accused of fraud
illegal operations.
Wankers! He came to kill me!
Motherfucker!
The fall of Tony Zakia has resonated
around Marseilles. indeed. the whole of France.
Our city is finally moving into a new
era. which is to your merit Captain.
Thank's to your excellent service and determination.
The Minister of Internal Affairs will come to personally
congratulate us.
So. I think that on this occasion
you will forget our differences ...
And celebrate my achievements in the fight against
crime.
I'm not sure I understand you.
sir.
Then I put it more precisely.
An internal investigation revealed that
After her husband's death you have an
alcohol dependence.
You  were addicted to gambling
In addition to this. you actively
participated in the escape Charlie Matei.
And you sanctioned
using resources improperly.
If the minister should drop by for an unexpected
visit. you'll be queen for the day ...
But if you agree that Matei was my case.
these matters will remain between us
It will be my pleasure. I'm going to fight
criminals on your behalf.
Thank's for the favour.
Finally. Mr. Director.
Yes.
This is just between us.
You cops are constantly looking at me for
crimes I did not commit.
And for what I have done...are not looking.
You say that we are all idiots
and you. cops are clearly no better.
So you were not active in Marseilles?
No.
And you're not involved
the murder of Malik?
No.
And you do not know
Who could have done it?
No.
You know this gun?
No. I do not know.
Had your fingerprints on it?
Don't know how.
Maybe I touched it
in a weapon shop.
In  a store?
Do you have a firearms permit Mr Matei?
No. Do I need one to look at guns in stores?
And where did you get the weapon you had
when you were arrested?
In the house of Monsieur Zakii.
Tony Zakia says that you
broke into his house to kill him.
I broke in? he invited me. We're old friends.
Read this statement and sign.
You are accused of illegal possession of weapons.
as well as the breaking and entering of private
property.
But for your lawyer it's child's play.
I'm free?
The examination confirmed the testimony of
Yasmin. The killer was right-handed.
But Zakia. he will be charged
with a variety of offences.
And by law he will receive the maximum
sentence.
I have fulfilled my duty.
it's my job.
But as a human ...
I regret that I got there early.
You do not feel as much regret
as I. but along with you. it's a weak spot.
This is family.
Hopefully
we'll never see each other again.
Zakia told you who was
Eighth assailant?
No.
I brought what you asked for.
Christelle and the children are waiting for you at home.
Karim's parents arrived.
I would like to talk to you alone.
sure..
Where?
Drive. I'll say.
Strange thing I do.
If you decide to stay. be sure
that sooner or later someone will knock on
door ...
To avenge his father.
son. or uncle.
You're cursed to live with it.
And suffer.
And the bloodshed did not dry out.
This is where they tried to kill you.
They?
You think I'm fucking stupid Martin?
Charlie.
Zack broke me like crazy.
He said that I would be set for life.
I refused. but he put
a gun in my hand.
I even could not imagine
that he could do it to you!
And when I realized it was true. it was too late.
But I did not shoot at you!
I was aiming away from you. I swear!
I know.
I beg you! Think about Klatide.
She's sick!
without me she would not survive!
who will take care of her?
Do you want her to die alone in hospital?
And your daughter? She is to me as a daughter.
Forgive me for saying this.
But she told me. as a daughter!
she cannot. can not...
They will not forgive you.
Now we're even.
I survived the battlefield and am
still in service.
I'll watch
my children grow. love my family.
I'll stay with my family.
As much as I can.
I'll grow old peacefully. not hiding from anyone.
And I will live without fear
of being watched.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm